## Contents of this file
  
* Introduction
* Requirements
* Recommended modules
* Installation
* Configuration and use
* Limitations
* Troubleshooting
* Similar projects
* Maintainers

## Introduction

This module does not *protect* your site's file integrity. Only you
can do that by configuring the site correctly and by not installing
insecure software.  It can be used to *check* a Drupal site for file
integrity breeches.

This module lets the site maintainer “fingerprint” an entire site
(except the files below the `public://` upload directory) when it is
in an untainted state.  It can then be configured to periodically
compare the site to this “fingerprint”, and report the following:

* modified files and directories;
* potential back-doors (files added to the site);
* files removed from the site;
* files writeable by the web-server.

This module should only be used on a *stable* production site to alert
the site maintainer as a first line of defense against file integrity
breeches.

Note that this module is not suitable for use on a development site,
or an unstable site where changes to the files that makes up the site
are frequent and deliberate.

To be able to use this module, you first need to create a
“fingerprint” of the site when it is in an untainted state.  This
“fingerprint” will later be used as reference to detect modifications
to the site.

This module will not help you detect modifications *unless* you've
created a fingerprint. If you want to check file integrity and you
have not yet created a “fingerprint”, consider using the
[**Hacked!**][1] module.

## Requirements

* [**Advanced help hint**][2]:  
  To hint about how to get `README.md` displayed.

## Recommended modules

* [**Advanced Help**][3]:  
  When this module is enabled, the project's `README.md` may be
  displayed on the screen.
* [**Markdown filter**][4]:  
  When this module is enabled, display of the project's `README.md`
  will be rendered with the markdown filter.

## Installation

Install this module as you would normally install a contributed drupal
module. See: [Installing modules][5] for further information.

## Configuration and use

To create a “fingerprint”, navigate to *Administration » Configuration
» System » File integrity*.

Press the *Create and save site fingerprint* button to create a
reference suite of MD5 checksums for later comparison.

Before you create a “fingerprint”, you need to make sure that the site
is in an untainted state.  The recommended practice is to create a
“fingerprint” just after you've finished building the site &ndash;
before it is exposed to the Internet.

If you modify the site (e.g. update core, or install, modify, update,
or remove a module), you need to create a new “fingerprint” just after
doing so.  Otherwise, your own modifications will be reported as
potential tampering.

Note that creating a fingerprint for a large site may take a long time
(several minutes).

After creating a fingerprint, you may set up the site to peridically
check its file integrity against the saved fingerprint.  To configure
automatic checks, expand “Settings for file integrity”.

The first settings is a radio button that may be used to disable or
enable the automatic file integrity check.  Set this to “enabled” to
enable the check.

Checks are done during cron runs. To prevent time-outs, you may want
to spread checks out over several cron runs.  Indicate the number of
files to check each time crons runs, or “all” to check all files each
time.

You may also indicate that checking should be suspend the check
between certain hour of the day (24 hour clock). You may want to do
this during peak hours. Setting this to “always” will never suspend
checking.

The final two radio buttons can be used to set these flags:

* Log progress at the end of each cron run. This will print a message
  about how many files processed so far to the log.

* Notifiy site administrator by email about potential problems. This
  will send an email to site administrator if a file fails the
  integrity check.

In addition to the automatic checks performed during cron runs, you
may at any time do a manual check. To do so, press the *Compare
current site with saved fingerprint* button to manually compare the
current site with the saved fingerprint.  Note that comparing a
fingerprint for a large site may take a long time (several minutes).

To read the report generated by automatic checks, navigate to
*Administration » Reports » File integrity*.

To truncate the report, expand “Clear log messages” (above the
report), and press “Clear log messages”.

## Limitations

This module is *not* the fast. If your site consists of a lot of
files, it will take some time to generate or check a fingerprint.

The module uses MD5 for file integrity checks.  The limitations of MD5
are dicussed in “[Using MD5 for file integrity checks][6]”.

Since it compares the current site to a “fingerprint” stored in the
database, it will not detect an integrity breech if an intruder
manages to taint the “fingerprint” in the database.  To help you
detect this it will show a hash of the *current* files on the
configuration page and in the scan ended log messages.  Make a
printout of this page to have a physical record of this hash.  If this
hash changes *withhout* any other problems being reported by the
module, then the fingerprint in the database is tainted.

If an attacker gain write access to this module's file, he may modify
it to always report a matching “fingerprint” (for instance, see [this
question on SE Information Security][7]).  This module is vulnerable
to this type of attack.  Do not rely on this module alone to monitor
file integrity on your site.

The [**Hacked!**][1] module uses a different method to verify file
integrity and should be used to check file integrity if you believe
the module itself, or the saved “fingerprint”, is tainted.  When you
do that, it is recommended that you take your site offline and
download a fresh copy of **Hacked!** from Drupal.org.  This will
protect you from using a tainted version of **Hacked!** for checking.

## Similar projects

The following projects may be applied to use cases that are similar to
the use case this module is designed to handle:

* [**Hacked!**][1]:  
  This Drupal module differs from the **File integrity** module by not
  being designed to do used on a production site to perform automatic
  and periodic checks.  Instead, it will verify integrity of core and
  modules on demand by downloading a untainted copy from Drupal.org
  and compare.  Note that it will not detect back-doors.

* [**MD5 Check**][8]:  
  This Drupal module differs from the **File integrity** module by
  only monitoring the directories of installed modules, and by
  comparing the current version to the previous, instead of comparing
  to a saved “fingerprint”.  It does not send email, but log potential
  integrity breeches using watchdog.

* [**Git**][9]:  
  This is not a Drupal module. It is a general source control system
  that may also be used to monitor changes to a set of files.

* [**inotify-tools**][10]:  
  This is not a Drupal module, but a C library and a set of CLI-tools
  that can be used to monitor and act upon filesystem events.

## Maintainers

* [gisle](https://www.drupal.org/u/gisle)

Any help with development (reviews, patches) are welcome.

[1]: https://www.drupal.org/project/hacked
[2]: https://www.drupal.org/project/advanced_help_hint
[3]: https://www.drupal.org/project/advanced_help
[4]: https://www.drupal.org/project/markdown
[5]: https://drupal.org/documentation/install/modules-themes/modules-7
[6]: http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/34488/using-md5-for-file-integrity-checks
[7]: http://security.stackexchange.com/questions/19439/how-to-make-a-simple-file-integrity-checker
[8]: https://www.drupal.org/project/md5check
[9]: https://git-scm.com/
[10]: https://github.com/rvoicilas/inotify-tools/wiki

